but it is very important even so
said by the president of alcentro
argentina by roberto dolores roldán
a few minutes ago the
last year's collection one minute 5
seconds for the start of the marathon
where each of the companies goes to
to have
then his own shirt
there he started a marathon a little while before
well there are some
there we see each other
Only the truth
those who leave are young people with
some disability that are the ones
lead this marathon and they left
one minute before the start
official
of all the rest of the participants
already prepared and the high
[Music]
they are going to extend this ninth marathon
solidary
5 seconds
[Music]
and he left in the marathon what are you going
glorious
good boats with queen music in depth
this
for all solidarity in the ninth marathon
solidarity has officially begun there
the people waving
as we said before there is no position
truly privileged and taking you
to the people who are in your house to this
hour this holiday that is lived here in the
forests of Palermo you with what
joy people have come here to
join and collaborate
for children's hospitals ricardo
gutierrez and the hospital garraham if it is
a crowd of awesome people in
this what we are seeing is a
crowd where each company
It has its different shirt color and
he has given them this way to the employees who
they have decided to register and the money from
registration and you have paid that
paid each of the companies is
precisely what will go to raise to
children's hospitals ricardo
gutierrez and captive bars that what
has also allowed